my name is Daniel the warrior seven I'm
from East London UK fighting against
Jaideep Singh and I'm frightened
represent in my time masters academy and
Mike's gym I'm fine against Jaideep
Singh my name is a tool Ranger fighter
I've seen him quite a few times of what
respect for anyone to get scenario you
know respect him as a fighter well in 10
supposed to fight on in / tomorrow other
way in sumo is to get to see your
opponent I don't read too much into too
much about the way in I was slightly
more he's a bit taller do I am a bit
leaner in terms of his build so we'll
see tomorrow when i'm when i land some
shots and see our strong years today are
waiting 120 120 to i think it was on the
scale he weighed in about a hundred and
nine i'm gonna be where the same
tomorrow so yeah that's my that's my
walk around fight wait apart from
fighting teach classes every day of the
week i'm also head coach a youth project
basis about a mile away from here in
north woolwich who fight for peace it's
an organization a charity organization
they started in brazil and is now go
abroad in London as an access for young
people between the ages of 11 to 25 to
get off the streets get access to work
access to jobs and we use boxing and
martial arts as the avenue to actually
encourage them in so they do training we
do personal development sessions with
them and then as I say we help them the
faxes fill it out see these job
applications and further studies as well
to help them progress as young adults
for me fine and glories is united's it's
a privilege you know train a long time
to try to get this level you know glory
is one of the biggest shows in the world
so for me it's for me to push myself my
career further as a fighter you know try
and push up the rankings towards the top
and also to show my students and other
people to look up to me as a fighter
well you know what you can achieve if
you actually put in the hard work and
dedication you know there's nothing that
can stop you can you know push push the
boundaries of anything my prediction of
the fight is I'm winning by knockout